Hi.
We didn't this lecture.
We're going to see how we can leverage constraints in order to make some sustainable views across different
kinds of screen sizes different kinds of iPhone models.
For example right now in our image view we see that there is a little space in the right hand side on
the left hand side.
Okay.
So there is a space between this project layout label and the Image view as well.
So basically what constraints do they actually define what kind of a space is going to be here here
and between the project layouts of between the image and phone between the project layout and phone.
So we're going to predefined these values over here.
Okay.
So we're going to say whatever the screen size.
Just make sure that there is 10 pixels space or ten point space between this project layout and the
top of the phone or write off the phone and project loud.
Make sure there's fifty point space or between Metallica medium between project layout.
Make sure there is ten point space.
So we're going to use constraints in order to define these values so that when we try to open this in
a different screen size it will be defined right.
So whether it's an iPhone X are or rather it's an iPhone s e d x code we'll know that it has to leave
some space from the left hand side on the right hand side before showing this picture.
So it wrap the picture around the spaces around these constraints and in order to do that I'm going
to go for the second bottom not the third one that we have worked before but for the second one.
So this is constraints but in all cases constraints meaning what we gonna do we gonna add some constraints
using this menu and as you can see this is spacing to nearest neighbor.
So far the nearest neighbor for this image right hand side the left hand side and for the top side we
have the project layout and we don't have any other neighbors here.
So for example if we click over there we see the current spaces so we can just choose to go with the
spaces or we can alter them as we want and in the bottom we don't have any neighbor right now so it's
a big number.
Okay.
And it doesn't make sense to use that number right now but for upper space for upper bounds we have
to have something.
What do I mean if I click over this red line over here it means that add one constraint so I can just
click on this to add this constraint or I can choose the other ones as well and add three constraints
at once.
So here I'm just gonna go for the current values and add this constrains and see what it looks like.
So if you click on these three constraints you will see that these little blue lines appear in the screen.
So let me zoom in and if I click one of these lines I will see the properties of the constraints themself.
So this is a constraint and I can't reach the constraints from here left hand pane as well.
So click over this.
And as you can see you can choose the constraint and you can even change the properties of constraints
as well.
So what you have chosen initially is not going to go there forever.
You can choose to change it afterwards.
So as you can see after I do that it gives me some errors.
It says that you have to use some of the constraints to project layout as well because in Metallica
image you added and the constraints to project layout.
So I have connected top of my Metallica image to the bottom of the project layout.
So project lay out should have some constraints in our view for us in order for X code to understand
where it will place the project layout.
OK.
So I can't come over here and I can just say fix it.
It will add the missing constraints but I'm going to do that manually.
Later on we're going to see the easiest way of doing these stuff as well.
But for right now we are doing this manually so we can learn.
So with clicking project layouts I'm choosing the new constraints so make sure that project layout is
clicked or else it wouldn't show here as you can see once you click it it will pop up and choosing the
left and right.
And I'm saying at two constraints right now the errors went away I believe.
So it knows where to place project layout and he knows where to place image right now so that's not
perfect yet but I believe we can try this.
OK.
Because we have given our constraints so let's see how this sign.
How does it look like an iPhone as a so I'm writing this on iPhone.
I see one more time.
I remember we weren't seeing the image view at all.
And now we can't see it right.
But there are some still issues I cannot see this project layout.
It seems that it doesn't fit to the screen.
But previously we could see that right.
It shouldn't be because of the text size.
It should be because of the constraints that we have given right now.
And Metallica.
Me image is far below.
So we have to make sure to change that.
If I click one of the constraints I can see its current values like in here I have this 58 and I believe
we made this constraint too large.
So it's right.
Trying to make 58 from each other's side.
So it's trying to push the project layout label from each side so it won't fit.
So that's what we're going to focus on in the next picture we're trying to solve the problems that we
have just created in order to practice constraints a little bit more.